Now we will create a order management page for customers which will be displayed when their login is successful

The screen allows to view and approve quotes for that customer. The orders and invoices are also displayed.

So a list of quotes which are pending for approval is shown.
Each item shows the Order id, Date, shipping cost and total order value. 
Also on clicking an item, a detailed view of the quote should be displayed on the next screen. 
Each item should have an Approve button. Clicking on the button should convert it from quote to order.

Next part of the page has a list of orders which are already approved or orders which are completed.
Each item shows the Order id, Date, shipping cost and total order value, status.
Each item will have a show Invoice button. This button click will display the invoice containing price and everything relevant.


Order Management Page for server side
The screen displays:
1)The employee information, Id, last logged-in details
2) A list of orders - Each item should display Order id, Customer Name, Order date, Order Value, Customer City, status
For approved and completed orders a View invoice Button should be displayed which should display a invoice in form of alert onclick.

Then in the next part of the page there should be a link to 'create a new Quote' and a second link to 'import Products'.

Please do this much then I will explain the specifics of new Quote link and import Products link



Import Products
This screen should provide a user interface to choose a JSON/XML file and upload it to the server. 
The JSON file will be an array of products where each product should have a product id, name and category(1,2 or 3).
The uploaded JSON/XML file should be validated and the data saved to the database.
After the uploading is done the user should be shown a status(completed/failed) and number of products imported.

Create New Quote
The screen allows the user to create a new quote for potential customers.
Quotes are orders with the status as pending for approval by customer.

The fields to capture are:
 Order date, Customer Name/Id, Customer GST Number, shipping address, City, phone number, email, pin code,shipping cost and total order value and a UI to select and add products.
The user can either enter customer name or id, if the customer name or id already exists then rest of data should be auto populated.
Please note that the shipping cost and Total order value must be autocalculated. Take a random formula for this. 

After creating a quote, the user should remain on the same page to create a new quote and the form should be cleared. A link should be provided to go to previous page which is Order Management Page for server side which we made earlier.